Worker salary
1. Put all old database in to my app - ✔
2. Creating all tables and relations - For now
3. Workers management - adding, editing, deleting (only if there isn't any time papers related to the worker) - ✔
4. Working shifts management - adding - ✔ (Need a new way to edit input and manage !!!) TODO
    4.1 Deleting is working but has to check for related time papers - TODO
5. Default model operations management + changing names of the default operations - ✔
    5.1 Adding new default models operations - ✔
6. Default operations management:
    6.1 Adding, editing, removing(if isn't associates) - ✔
7. Models and operations management:
    7.1 Adding, coping - ✔
    7.2 Editing and removing models (if isn't associates) - TODO
8. Groups of operations management:
    8.1 Adding groups - ✔
    8.2 Editing groups - ✔
9. Time papers management (working shift NOT EMPTY)
    9.1 Adding new time paper with selected model, operation and pieces - ✔
    9.2 Adding group of operations with selected model, operations and pieces (for every oper same pieces) - ✔
        9.2.1 If the operations from groups doesnt exist in the model has to return message
            and maybe add only operations which exist - TODO
    9.3 Displaying selected model operation total produced pieces,
        rest to produce and model order pieces (if there is any) - ✔
    9.4 Removing and editing a selected time paper from the table - TODO
    9.5 Adding time paper with not selected any model or client or operations
        (IMP - working hourly should be == to working shift and enabled) - TODO
10. Payments management:
    10.1 Calculating payments for each worker based on time paper - ✔
        10.1.1 - The calculations should be changed to calculate the salary so it takes in count the night working.
            Should calculate based on nightPayments DB table - TODO
    10.2 Exporting the app payments table to an exel file. - TODO


TODO 11. Admin Setting page for management all pages info and db
    11.1 Adding, editing, removing for all major db tables
    11.9 Maybe we can add some theme designs later...

TODO 12. Users management page
    12.1 Adding, editing, deleting
    12.2 UI set based on user level (admin, manager, user, guest)

TODO 13. Parameters management page
    13.1 Adding and editing crucial params like Payment per min day/night and others
    13.2 Some other funcs if necessary
